README.md, before:

# Mentorship Guide

Read the guide: [https://mentorship.guide](https://mentorship.guide)

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/prs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

## 📖 About

Mentorship Guide is a resource focused on making mentorship accessible to all.

## ✨ Mission

To provide mentors and mentees with strategies, resources, and community support.

## 💖 Why

The more mentorship we have, the more inclusive, helpful, collaborative, and innovative our communities become.

## ✏ Contributing

This guide is developed by the community for the community. We'd be thankful and honored to have you contribute and make the Mentorship Guide better than it is today!

Please see the [contributing guide](/docs/contributing.md) for how to do so.

## 🧬 Code of Conduct

Our community is open, welcoming, and inclusive.

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct. Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](docs/code-of-conduct.md).

## 👏 Thank you

Together, we're stronger. Thank you for your contributions!

## 📄 License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

## 💻 Local Development

This website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

### Installation

```
yarn install
```

### Development

```
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Additional Resources

Since this repo is built on Docusaurus, please reference the [Docusaurus 2 documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs). Reach out if you have any questions. If this is also your first [contribution](docs/contributing.md) happy to help you get started!

Commit message:

Add What's Next and Sponsorship

README.md, after:

# Mentorship Guide

Read the guide: [https://mentorship.guide](https://mentorship.guide)

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/prs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

## 📖 About

Mentorship Guide is a resource focused on making mentorship accessible to all.

## ✨ Mission

To provide mentors and mentees with strategies, resources, and community support.

## 💖 Why

The more mentorship we have, the more inclusive, helpful, collaborative, and innovative our communities become.

## ✏ Contributing

This guide is developed by the community for the community. We'd be thankful and honored to have you contribute and make the Mentorship Guide better than it is today!

Please see the [contributing guide](/docs/contributing.md) for how to do so.

## 🧬 Code of Conduct

Our community is open, welcoming, and inclusive.

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct. Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](docs/code-of-conduct.md).

## 👏 Thank you

Together, we're stronger. Thank you for your contributions!

## 📄 License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

## 🚀 What's next?

Short term, we want to keep connecting and bridging existing strategies, resources, and communities.

Medium term, we want to keep expanding our reach, accounting for even more situational and cultural differences.

Long term, there's opportunities to build tooling and infrastructure that would supercharge mentorship efforts.

A wonderful, ongoing journey! 🎉

## 👥 Sponsorship is important

In addition to mentorship, sponsorship is important. There are plans to create a sponsorship guide as well. In the meantime, there is sponsorship related content in our [Resources](docs/resources-overview.md) section. Feel free to submit any helpful resources -- thank you! ✨

## 💻 Local Development

This website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

### Installation

```
yarn install
```

### Development

```
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Additional Resources

Since this repo is built on Docusaurus, please reference the [Docusaurus 2 documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs). Reach out if you have any questions. If this is also your first [contribution](docs/contributing.md) happy to help you get started!
