docs/resources-articles.md, before:

---
id: resources-articles
title: "Articles"
---

# Articles on Mentorship

> As this crowdsourced list of free programs grow, we will update how it's organized. In the meantime, feel free to add helpful resources!

[How to Be a Career-Changing Mentor](https://review.firstround.com/how-to-be-a-career-changing-mentor-25-tips-from-the-best-mentors-we-know) by [First Round](https://review.firstround.com/)

- 25 pieces of advice for being a better mentor, tips from from Fast Track mentors

[Developers mentoring other developers: practices I've seen work well](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/developers-mentoring-other-developers/) by [Gergely Orosz](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/about/)

- Informal mentorship, formal mentorship, onboarding as a mentorship
- Being a supportive, efficient mentor, places to find mentors, and thoughts from mentoring engineers

[Coaches and Mentors for Engineering Managers and Engineering Leaders](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/coaches-and-mentors-for-engineering-managers/) by [Gergely Orosz](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/coaches-and-mentors-for-engineering-managers/)

- List of coaches (paid) for engineering leaders

[The tech tribe of mentors](https://dmellonielet.com/2020/10/20/tech-tribe-of-mentors.html) by [Nielet D'mello](https://dmellonielet.com/)

- On seeking different categories of mentors: decidcated mentor, ad hoc mentor, and internt mentor

[Mentorship Resources](https://dev.to/jess/mentorship-resources-19p0) by [Jess Lee](https://dev.to/jess)

- Curated list of resource on mentorship, communication, and career advice/experiences

[How To Find a Mentor Using Twitter](https://dev.to/willjohnsonio/how-to-find-a-mentor-using-twitter-3fl8) by [Will Johnson](https://dev.to/willjohnsonio)

- Get mentorship indirectly by posting online

[Learn in Public](https://www.swyx.io/learn-in-public/) by [swyx](https://www.swyx.io/about)

- Learning in public is an indirect, effective way of attracting mentors

[Build in Public](https://publiclab.co/building-in-public) by [Kevon Cheung](https://publiclab.co/about)

- For founders and creators, building in public is also an indirect, effective way of attracting mentors

[Mentoring from privilege](https://lethain.com/mentoring-from-privilege/) by [Will Larson](https://lethain.com/about/)

- "How can mentorship be valuable?"
- "How to mentor from a position of privilege without causing harm?"

[What does sponsorship look like?](https://larahogan.me/blog/what-sponsorship-looks-like/)

- "What sponsorship looks like, in practice"
- Being a better mentor

Commit message:

docs(articles): Add mentor questions

docs/resources-articles.md, after:

---
id: resources-articles
title: "Articles"
---

# Articles on Mentorship

> As this crowdsourced list of free programs grow, we will update how it's organized. In the meantime, feel free to add helpful resources!

[How to Be a Career-Changing Mentor](https://review.firstround.com/how-to-be-a-career-changing-mentor-25-tips-from-the-best-mentors-we-know) by [First Round](https://review.firstround.com/)

- 25 pieces of advice for being a better mentor, tips from from Fast Track mentors

[Developers mentoring other developers: practices I've seen work well](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/developers-mentoring-other-developers/) by [Gergely Orosz](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/about/)

- Informal mentorship, formal mentorship, onboarding as a mentorship
- Being a supportive, efficient mentor, places to find mentors, and thoughts from mentoring engineers

[30 Questions to Ask a Mentor](https://blog.get-merit.com/30-questions-to-ask-a-mentor/) by [Merit](https://www.get-merit.com/discover)

- Questions to ask a mentor across various categories: job searches, career pivots, interviewing, skill-building, and career growth

[Coaches and Mentors for Engineering Managers and Engineering Leaders](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/coaches-and-mentors-for-engineering-managers/) by [Gergely Orosz](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/coaches-and-mentors-for-engineering-managers/)

- List of coaches (paid) for engineering leaders

[The tech tribe of mentors](https://dmellonielet.com/2020/10/20/tech-tribe-of-mentors.html) by [Nielet D'mello](https://dmellonielet.com/)

- On seeking different categories of mentors: dedicated mentor, ad hoc mentor, and internet mentor

[Mentorship Resources](https://dev.to/jess/mentorship-resources-19p0) by [Jess Lee](https://dev.to/jess)

- Curated list of resources on mentorship, communication, and career advice/experiences

[How To Find a Mentor Using Twitter](https://dev.to/willjohnsonio/how-to-find-a-mentor-using-twitter-3fl8) by [Will Johnson](https://dev.to/willjohnsonio)

- Get mentorship indirectly by posting online

[Learn in Public](https://www.swyx.io/learn-in-public/) by [swyx](https://www.swyx.io/about)

- Learning in public is an indirect, effective way of attracting mentors

[Build in Public](https://publiclab.co/building-in-public) by [Kevon Cheung](https://publiclab.co/about)

- For founders and creators, building in public is also an indirect, effective way of attracting mentors

[Mentoring from privilege](https://lethain.com/mentoring-from-privilege/) by [Will Larson](https://lethain.com/about/)

- "How can mentorship be valuable?"
- "How to mentor from a position of privilege without causing harm?"

[What does sponsorship look like?](https://larahogan.me/blog/what-sponsorship-looks-like/)

- "What sponsorship looks like, in practice"
- Being a better mentor
